Wait who
You didn't know it was a building.
Is the private auction of the assistant on site?
Shangguan Linglong, sorry.
It turned out that Miss Shangguan had offended her just now
It's just that President Xie ordered to strictly guard the small ones
That's fine.
Admission is required to present an invitation letter
Invitation letter
I really don't have that.
Well, you help me go in and let me know
Shangguan Alliance has something to do with President Xie
I see you.
Still don't understand the situation
Shangguan Linglong
You did it behind your back
Those little uncles think I don't know
You want to win over the president of the Great Xia Chamber of Commerce in private?
You know Daxia
Why does the Chamber of Commerce matter to us?
Do you cooperate because
We got along.
Hey, hey, but I won't embarrass you.
As long as you kneel down and kowtow and apologize to me
Maybe I'm in a good mood.
Can I help you straighten it?
Um, sorry.
Don't even think about it for the rest of your life
Here's the deal.
Well, since you don't want to
Then you can get more cold wind here.
You don't have an invitation anyway, do you?
Who said he didn't have an invitation?